hello everyone this is a boot up and
benchmark comparison between s3 mini and
s4 mini and in this review we are going
to restart these devices together as
well as we will boot these devices
together to see which one is a better
device when we are trying to restart and
boot them up so guys let's start this
review by restarting these devices now
both of them have restart option in them
so guys s4 mini has got 1.7 gigahertz
dual-core processor with 1.5 gigabytes
of RAM on the other hand on s3 mini we
have got 1 gigahertz dual-core processor
with 1 gigabytes of RAM so here you can
see the rs3 Mini is responding quicker
than s4 mini so this is little bit
surprising for me
so as snow meeting is running on Android
4.2.2
and I think s3 mini has restarted before
as for many now as so many has responded
for us so it has taken a long time to
respond now it's restarting a system for
us and as free mini is well a hat from
s4 mini
now even power of these devices now
let's see which one is going to power up
quickly for us there you go
so again has three many power of quickly
in comparison to as for meaning but we
are looking for these lights so as three
many has power of quickly in comparison
to as for many as for many is is still
trying to power off a system here you
can see capacitative lights
so as for meaning is still trying to
power off itself
now it is completely off now we are
going to power on these devices together
to see which one is a better device when
we are trying to boot up these devices
so when you press power on and off key
you will see that s3 mini is going to
respond quicker for you but now let's
see which one is going to boot up
quickly for us
so I think here asks for many wins from
as three mini so in booting up s4 mini
is better than s3 mini but when you are
trying to restore a system as three mini
takes a lead from s4 mini so both of
these devices have restarted now they
are ready to get em to an end to the
benchmark so here you can see little bit
of lags when we are trying to explore
out applications on s3 mini on the other
hand there are no leg issues at all on
s4 mini of course it is not as smooth as
as for octa and asked for chord because
this one has got one point seven regards
dual-core processor instead of quad core
processor on those devices no I'm going
to open enter the benchmark on both of
them and we are going to run a test
press a start test on both of them the
guys to save some time I'm going to skip
this video in the end we will compare my
score of these devices so guys now we
have got it scores in front of us from
Annan to the benchmark so these results
are not accurate you can get less and
more score on both of these devices but
one thing is for sure that you will get
more score on us so many in comparison
to s3 mini because this one has got a
snapdragon 1.7 gigahertz dual-core
processor a net in comparison to one
gigahertz dual-core processor on us 3
mini now we are going to compare CPU GPU
and ram Isco separately so see Piazza's
core 2359 on s3 mini on s4 mini it has a
score to 5,000 779 which is really good
GPS is called 2605 on your SD mini on s4
meaning it has a scored 5211
on s4 mini ramage is called 2674 on s3
mini 8 as it's called 1089 so in every
specific field as for mini has a scored
more than s3 mini so of course as so
many is a better device in terms of
hardware and when you are trying to do
multitasking and trying to play games on
it so guys this is a quick boot up and
benchmark comparison between these two
devices if you want to look at a opening
app speed of these devices you can have
a go at a description link so guys don't
forget to sub and like this video thanks
for watching this